What if our output
probabilities aren't Gaussian?
>> Well according to
the central limit theorem,
we should get Gaussians if enough
factors are affecting the data.
>> But in practice sometimes the output
probabilities really are not Gaussian.
It is not hard for them to be bimodal.
>> You mean like this.
>> Yep.
>> Well then we can use
two Gaussians to model it.
>> Basically using the mixture
of Gaussians technique.
>> Yep, in theory we can model
anything with enough Gaussians.
Look at this box car distribution.
>> The more Gaussians we use
the closer we will model it, but
how many should we use?
>> That really depends on your data.
Visualization really helps here.
In practice I tend to limit
my mixtures to two or
three Gaussians,
otherwise it tends to over fit.